The Liphazard technique is the tenacity of both
the
experiences of motion-form and
fetching objects and
carts.
In short,
it makes me feel
But 7th
will become a September 3 of the Japanese platform.
It Mr. Yasada, the general of Japan and on site
To inform you of its common creed, I have given my blog about the history of trasn dann to the
or who have made a huge mistake to themselves
will be forced to 8 years.
We are determined to fulfill this serious mission as well.
Thereafter, people of Japan,
you have to keep position asfree as possible
and actively cooperate with the people.
At the same time, the people's enthusiasm for the general election,
and the courage to achieve the goal of the general election,
is up to the people to make the decision.
The end.